Yes
[Music]
Yes, Al Fadil.
The plane has returned,
God willing.
We have tried two attempts since the morning. It is clear that there is failure.
I mean, this attempt and two attempts with us, and after
that,
no, it will still mean nothing with the time for breaking the fast in Ramadan. I
mean, God willing, we will get it today, God willing,
no one.  He offers us and we take it with all our pleasure, instead of sitting around
joking with each other and talking to each other, so that we each take a
can of beans or a can of chickpeas, we will support
ourselves
in it, God willing. We will take it, God willing, and most
people are
all up to it,
I mean here, but they don't know how to play
[music].  ]
The earth,
praise be to God, God has provided us with two
meals, the
smell of righteousness or not. Today means a
country other than ours. There is no more than two or three days in the country of other people. I
mean, God willing, today I would
like it.
[Music]
make subscribe chest new from
alaz